Name	Set	ImageFile	Cost_Influence	Type	SubType	Diplomacy	Intrigue	Psi	Leadership	Military	Marks	Rarity	Fixeds	Collector	Text
Exodus	CrusadeRedux	08b-58		Agenda							  	Dream Card		08b-58	Legacy. You may only sponsor this Agenda if you are untainted and have more than 13 Power. At the end of each turn, if none of your Characters participated in a Conflict, add a Distance counter to this card; otherwise remove all Distance counters. If there are 5 Distance counters on this card at the end of turn, you score a Standard Victory.
Alwyn	CrusadeRedux	08b-21	6	Character	Neutral	3	3				  	Dream Card		08b-21	Legacy. Techno-mage. Immediately demote Alwyn if your Unrest is higher than 1. Once per turn, if Alwyn is your only Techno-mage, you may give him 1 damage as an action to Ready him.
Andre Sabbat	CrusadeRedux	08b-23	4	Character	Neutral	2	2				Strife  	Dream Card		08b-23	Andre Sabbat cannot be attacked by characters with Doom Marks. When Andre Sabbat attacks a character who has a Doom Mark, Andre Sabbat takes no damage. Andre Sabbat may not be promoted.
"Mr Jones"	CrusadeRedux	08b-1		Character	Human	2	2	7			  	Dream Card		08b-1	Multiple. Any Home Faction or ISA member may sponsor “Mr. Jones” at normal cost. “Mr. Jones” inflicts 1 damage to target Character with Psi when he rotates to participate in a Conflict.
Lochley	CrusadeRedux	08b-93		Character	Human	7	3		4		  	Dream Card		08b-93	Crusade. Must replace any version of Elizabeth Lochley, transferring all attached cards and marks.  May be replaced by any version of Elizabeth Lochley, transferring all attached cards and marks. The game does not end if Babylon 5 reaches 20 Influence.
Apocalypse Box	CrusadeRedux	08b-25	4	Character							  	Dream Card		08b-25	Irrevocable. Limited. Characters take additional damage equal to their Doom Marks when attacked.  Rotate to reveal the top 5 cards in your deck. Return the revealed cards to the top of your deck in any order, then the Character with this Enhancement gains a Doom Mark.  Rotate to give the Character with this Enhancement a Doom Mark and a mark of your choice until the end of turn.
Applied Terror	CrusadeRedux	08b-26		Character							Doom  	Dream Card		08b-26	Play on a Drakh, Ranger or Techno-mage.  Reveal when one of your other Characters is attacked and this Character is ready. Rotate this Character to change the target of the attack to this Character, and the attacker gains a Doom Mark.
Apriori Flentak & Nix	CrusadeRedux	08b-27	15	Character	Neutral	6	4		2		  	Dream Card		08b-27	Explorer. Marrata. The cost for you to sponsor and promote Apriori Flentax and Nix is reduced by the number of Explorer cards in your faction.
Blaylock	CrusadeRedux	08b-31	9	Character	Neutral	3	3		3		  	Dream Card		08b-31	Legacy. Techno-Mage. Blaylock can Sponsor and Promote Techno-mages as if he was an Inner Circle Character and at printed cost.
Bruder	CrusadeRedux	08b-32	8	Character	Human	3		10			Conspiracy  Doom	Dream Card		08b-32	Psi Corps Character. Psi Cop. When Bruder attacks and neutralizes a neutral teep, that teep is immediately removed from the game.
Captain Anderson	CrusadeRedux	08b-33	5	Character	Human	2			3		Destiny  Doom	Dream Card		08b-33	Crusade. Any player who controls a Babylon 5 fleet may sponsor and promote Leonard Anderson at normal cost.
Captain Gideon	CrusadeRedux	08b-35		Character	Human	1	3		3		  	Dream Card		08b-35	Human Home Faction Ambassador. Crusade. Rotate Captain Gideon to draw a card from your Quest Pile. Captain Gideon gains a Destiny Mark while he has the Apocalypse Box attached.
Dureena	CrusadeRedux	08b-51	6	Character	Neutral	2	6				Destiny  	Dream Card		08b-51	Crusade. Legacy. Must replace a Dureena Nafeel in your faction, transferring all attached cards and marks. Rotate Dureena to give a character or fleet a Strife Mark and 4 damage resistance until the end of turn.
Dureena Nafeel	CrusadeRedux	08b-52	8	Character	Neutral	2	6				Strife  	Dream Card		08b-52	Crusade. Explorer. Cannot be blanked. As an action, rotate and target another player whose discard pile contains a copy of Hidden Treasury, Short Term Goals, or Trade Windfall. Remove that copy of the card from the game; the target loses 3 influence. While Dureena Nafeel is in play, any player may, as an action, apply 10 influence or discard Dureena Nafeel from his hand to gain control of her for the rest of the turn.
Elizabeth Trent	CrusadeRedux	08b-54	8	Character	Neutral	3	4				  	Dream Card		08b-54	Corporate. Elizabeth Trent gain 1 Diplomacy and Intrigue for each Group you control. Discard two cards at random from your hand at the beginning of the Resolution step if she is a supporting Character.
Galen	CrusadeRedux	08b-68	9	Character	Neutral	3	5				Destiny  	Dream Card		08b-68	Crusade. Legacy. Techno-mage. Discard a Contingency under Galen at any point to search your deck or Quest pile for a Contingency that could be revealed at this point. Treat it as if it had just been revealed. You may restore 1 Influence the first time you play a Legacy Event each round.
Galen, Outcast	CrusadeRedux	08b-70		Character	Neutral	1	4		2		  	Dream Card		08b-70	Neutral Ambassador Legacy. Techno-mage. You do not have a race. You may sponsor and promote Characters with Destiny Marks at printed cost. You may replace Galen, Wanderer with Galen, transferring all attached cards and marks.
General Ivanova	CrusadeRedux	08b-71	12	Character	Human	5	5		7		Destiny  Strife	Dream Card		08b-71	Must replace Captain Ivanova; transfer all attached cards and marks. Whenever you win a war conflict, or when a conflict initiated by another player that targets you is lost, gain +1 influence and reduce your Unrest by 1. This character cannot be attacked by Humans, Drakh, or Rangers.  Rotate to sponsor a Human with Leadership for free.
Genius Loci	CrusadeRedux	08b-72	6	Character	Neutral	2	5				  	Dream Card		08b-72	Legacy. Techno-mage. May only be sponsored if you control the Aggressive Technovirus enhancement. May not be attacked. When he supports or opposes a conflict, inflict 1 damage on another participant.
Access All Channels	CrusadeRedux	08b-15	2	Character							  	Dream Card		08b-15	Legacy. Must be sponsored by a Techno-mage or a Character with 3 or more Conspiracy Marks.  Rotate the target during the Conflict round to look at all face down conflicts.
IPX Official	CrusadeRedux	08b-82	6	Character	Neutral	3	2				  	Dream Card		08b-82	Corporate. Multiple. During the draw round you may apply 2 influence to draw the top card from your Quest pile. (You may only do this once per turn no matter how many copies of this character are in play.)
Jacob Redway	CrusadeRedux	08b-83	8	Character	Human	5	3				  	Dream Card		08b-83	Earth Alliance Senator. As an action, rotate Jacob Redway and spend 2 Influence to target a Human Character you control, search your deck for any other version of the target, and take it into your hand.
Kulan	CrusadeRedux	08b-87		Character	Neutral	3	2		3		  	Dream Card		08b-87	Crusade. If you have at least 10 influence, you may play Kulan directly from your hand immediately after winning a Children of Tomorrow Conflict (As if he was an aftermath).  As an action, rotate to take a fleet with a printed Military of 4 or less from another player’s discard pile and place it in your faction with Kulan leading it. Discard the fleet immediately if Kulan is no longer leading it.
Lieutenant Carr	CrusadeRedux	08b-89	6	Character	Neutral	1	3				  	Dream Card		08b-89	As an action, rotate Lieutenant Carr and target a conflict: participant Characters in target conflict are considered not to have any Strife or Doom Marks. If you control Mars Colony you may rotate it to promote your Lieutenant Carr for free.
Lieutenant Matheson	CrusadeRedux	08b-90	5	Character	Human	1	1	4	2		  	Dream Card		08b-90	Crusade. Earth Home Faction Ambassador’s Assistant.  Rotate a Crusade Character to give Lieutenant Matheson +2 to each ability. Has 0 Psi if there is a Psi Corps faction in play. May be replaced by John Matheson (Transferring all attached marks).
Excalibur	CrusadeRedux	08b-57	8	Fleet	Babylon 5					4	  	Dream Card		08b-57	Crusade. ISA.  May be sponsored at normal cost by any player with a Crusade pile.  Excalibur has +3 damage resistance during attacks involving a Drakh Fleet. Excalibur has +1 Military for each Crusade character you control.
Marrata Fleet	CrusadeRedux	08b-97	16	Fleet	Neutral					8	  	Dream Card		08b-97	Explorer. Marrata. Your cost to sponsor the Marrata Fleet is reduced by the number of Explorer cards in your faction.
A Good Lead	CrusadeRedux	08b-4		Aftermath	Won Participant						  	Dream Card		08b-4	Crusade. Explorer. Legacy. Target one of your Crusade, Explorer, or Legacy participant characters who supported your Crusade, Explorer, or Legacy conflict.  Rotate to add two support to a conflict with that shares a Bold-faced term with target Character.
A Quest for a Cure	CrusadeRedux	08b-5		Enhancement	Faction — Quest						  	Dream Card		08b-5	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Your Quest pile can only contain Crusade cards and is a Crusade pile.  You may sponsor and promote Crusade Characters at -1 influence. Rotate this enhancement as an action to draw the top card from your Quest Pile. You lose the game at the end of turn 13 (Remove all cards you control from the game).
A Quest for a Legacy	CrusadeRedux	08b-6		Enhancement	Faction — Quest						  	Dream Card		08b-6	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Your Quest pile can only contain Legacy cards and is a Legacy pile.  Rotate a Techno-mage to draw a card from your Quest Pile.
A Quest for a Solution	CrusadeRedux	08b-8		Enhancement	Faction — Quest						  	Dream Card		08b-8	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Your Quest pile can only contain Crusade and Explorer cards and is a Crusade pile.  Rotate to let you sponsor any Babylon 5 fleets at normal cost for the rest of the turn. Rotate to draw a card from your Crusade pile. You lose the game if you win a conflict and you have no unneutralised fleets in play.
A Quest for Knowledge	CrusadeRedux	08b-9		Enhancement	Faction — Quest						  	Dream Card		08b-9	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Your Quest pile can only contain Explorer cards and is an Explorer pile.  Rotate this enhancement as an action to draw the top card from your Quest Pile. You can only win if allowed by an Explorer card.
A Quest for a Purpose	CrusadeRedux	08b-7		Enhancement	Faction — Quest						  	Dream Card		08b-7	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Crusade. Your Quest pile can only contain Crusade and Legacy cards and is a Legacy pile.  Rotate to draw a card from your Legacy pile. Gain 1 Influence whenever you promote a Character of another race. You can only gain Influence and Power from Crusade and Legacy cards, including this one.
A Quest for Revenge	CrusadeRedux	08b-11		Enhancement	Faction — Quest						  	Dream Card		08b-11	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Your Quest pile can only contain Corporate and Enigma cards and is a Corporate pile. You may be a Corporate faction.  Whenever you win a Corporate conflict, you may inflict damage on any Inner Circle Character equal to the number of marks on that Character. Rotate to draw a card from your Corporate Pile. Destiny Marks in your faction count as Doom Marks.
A Quest for Treasure	CrusadeRedux	08b-12		Enhancement	Faction — Quest						  	Dream Card		08b-12	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Your Quest pile can only contain Explorer and Corporate cards and is an Explorer pile.  Rotate this enhancement to sponsor a Corporate or Explorer card as if this card was an Inner Circle Character. Whenever you win an Explorer conflict, draw 2 cards from your Explorer deck and gain 1 Influence.
A Quest for Profit	CrusadeRedux	08b-10		Enhancement	Faction — Quest						  	Dream Card		08b-10	Irrevocable. Cannot be targeted. Your Quest pile can only contain Corporate and Corporate only cards and is a Corporate pile. You may be a Corporate faction.  Pay 3 influence and rotate this card to draw the top card from your Quest Pile and to put a Credit Token on this card.
A Warning	CrusadeRedux	08b-13		Aftermath	Won						  	Dream Card		08b-13	Legacy. Enigma. Play on target opponent. Any opposable conflicts initiated by the target next turn have 15 automatic opposition. In other conflicts initiated by the target next turn, you gain 15 support.
Above it All	CrusadeRedux	08b-14		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-14	Apply any amount of influence, and for each influence you apply target one of your characters who is supporting you in a conflict in which any player may be supported. At resolution of that conflict, each of those characters applies +3 additional support.
Aggressive Technovirus	CrusadeRedux	08b-17		Conflict	Intrigue						  	Dream Card		08b-17	Crusade. Legacy. Limited. Any player may be supported in this conflict. Techno-mages double their abilities while participating in this conflict.  Resolution: each player with support must neutralise two Characters (Before the winner is determined).  Won: gain 1 Influence and this card becomes a Faction Enhancement that gives 1 Power while you have a Legacy Pile.
All in the Cards	CrusadeRedux	08b-20	6	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-20	This card cannot be in your starting hand. You cannot play this event if you have an agenda in play with the word “transfer” in its effect text. If your influence rating is less than 10, gain as much influence as you need to raise it to 10 and draw one card for each point of influence you gained from this event.
Prototype Destroyers	CrusadeRedux	08b-121		Conflict	Intrigue						  	Dream Card		08b-121	ISA.  You must have mutual tensions of 1 to another race (Other than Human or Centauri) or be an ISA member to initiate this conflict.  Military may be used in this conflict.  Won: You may search your deck and hand for Victory and Excalibur, and put them into play (Ignore other restrictions).   Lost or cancelled: You may not sponsor Victory or Excalibur for the rest of the game.
Ancient Fleet	CrusadeRedux	08b-22		Conflict	Leadership					8	  	Dream Card		08b-22	Crusade. Explorer. Limited. Any player may be supported in this conflict. Resolution: this becomes a Neutral fleet in the faction with the most support. This fleet cannot support Military conflicts you initiated and is completely healed whenever you win a Leadership conflict.
Antiviral Mining	CrusadeRedux	08b-24		Conflict	Intrigue						  	Dream Card		08b-24	Crusade. Legacy. Any player may be supported in this Conflict.  Won: Either this becomes a Faction Enhancement that you may rotate to draw a card from your Legacy Pile; or gain 1 Influence.
Bio-Adaptive Shielding	CrusadeRedux	08b-30	8	Enhancement							  	Dream Card		08b-30	Target a fleet you control. May be sponsored for free if targeting a Babylon 5 fleet. Cannot become a faction enhancement.  The target gains +2 damage resistance for every 5 points of its printed Military. Remove 2 points of damage from the target at the start of each ready round. As an action, discard this enhancement to remove all damage from the target.
Complete Devestation	CrusadeRedux	08b-39		Conflict	Intrigue						Doom  	Dream Card		08b-39	Legacy. You must control a Techno-mage to initiate this conflict. Your ambassador gains a Doom Mark. Target a location or group controlled by another player. At resolution, if targetting a location, this conflict gains additional opposition equal to the target’s printed Military. All non-Techno-mages take 3 points of damage when they become participants in this conflict (Before attacks are resolved). Won: gain 1 power and the target is removed from the game.
Death of Culture	CrusadeRedux	08b-45		Aftermath	Won						  	Dream Card		08b-45	Explorer. Target the Ambassador of a player who gained power or influence from a conflict he initiated which had a restriction on which races or factions could participate. This aftermath raises the minimum Unrest for factions of the target’s race by +1, and all members of the race lose 2 Diplomacy. The Ambassador’s player may (Permanently) blank this card’s text by discarding 15 cards from his hand.
Detailed Data Analysis	CrusadeRedux	08b-46		Conflict	Diplomacy						  	Dream Card		08b-46	Crusade. Explorer. Corporate. This conflict may not be opposed. When you initiate this conflict, name a card. If this conflict succeeds, it becomes a Faction aftermath which you may rotate as an action to provide 10 opposition to a conflict initiated by a card of the chosen name.
Electron Incantation	CrusadeRedux	08b-53		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-53	Legacy. Rotate a Techno-mage or pay 5 Influence. Look at the top 5 cards of your deck or Quest pile, put one of those card in your hand and the rest on the bottom of the same deck or pile.
Expect Me When You See Me	CrusadeRedux	08b-59		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-59	Legacy. Search your deck or Legacy pile for a Techno-mage and sponsor it for free. If it is in play at the end of turn, shuffle it back into your deck or Legacy pile.
Explore Vorlon Space	CrusadeRedux	08b-60		Conflict	Military						  	Dream Card		08b-60	Explorer. Any player may be supported in this conflict. At resolution, subtract 15 from each player’s support for every point of Vorlon influence.  Won: Each non-Drakh player with 3 or more Shadow Marks loses 1 influence. Each player with support greater than zero gains +1 influence. Whichever player has the single most support greater than zero gains an additional +2 influence and this conflict becomes a Unique Faction Enhancement that gives each of his Inner Circle characters with Leadership a Destiny Mark
Faces in Stone	CrusadeRedux	08b-61	4	Event							Doom  	Dream Card		08b-61	Crusade. Legacy. Rotate a Character with a Destiny Mark to search your deck for a Character card with a Destiny Mark. Give one of your Characters a Doom Mark.
Find of a Lifetime	CrusadeRedux	08b-64		Aftermath	Won						  	Dream Card		08b-64	Explorer. Unique. Play after you win an Explorer conflict. Choose one: card effects may not prevent you winning this turn; draw 3 cards from your Explorer pile; Gain 1 Influence. Discard this card.
Galen's Magic Rock	CrusadeRedux	08b-69		Aftermath	Participant						  	Dream Card		08b-69	Legacy. Unique. Play on a Techno-mage. Rotate to add 2 support to a Legacy conflict.
Tomorrow's Children	CrusadeRedux	08b-154		Conflict	Diplomacy and Leadership						  	Dream Card		08b-154	Crusade. Explorer.  Won: Gain 1 Influence and you may initiate an extra military conflict next turn. If you win this military conflict, this card becomes a faction enhancement that blanks the last line of your Quest card.
Ghost Ship	CrusadeRedux	08b-73		Conflict	Intrigue						  	Dream Card		08b-73	Explorer. Legacy. May be supported with Military.  Lost: every participant is neutralised.  Won: Neutralise target fleet. If you won and none of your fleets was a participant, this becomes a Faction Aftermath.
Holo-Demons	CrusadeRedux	08b-76	1	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-76	Legacy. Rotate a Techno-mage character you control and target a Crusade or Legacy conflict you initiated. Whenever a player rotates a character or fleet to oppose that conflict, the player must also apply 2 influence or the character/fleet applies no opposition at resolution.
Holo-Dragon	CrusadeRedux	08b-77	4	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-77	Legacy. You must rotate a Techno-mage character you control to play this card. For each Techno-mage character or fleet you control, target player must rotate a Character he controls. He cannot rotate any of his Inner Circle characters unless all of his supporting characters have been rotated.
Lorkans	CrusadeRedux	08b-94	5	Character	Neutral	*	2				  	Dream Card		08b-94	Crusade. Corporate. Cannot be promoted. Lorkans have 1 Diplomacy for each species in your faction. Rotate to blank the last line of an opponent’s Quest card until the next Conflict phase.
Main Gun	CrusadeRedux	08b-96	1	Enhancement							  	Dream Card		08b-96	Target a Babylon 5 Fleet. While this fleet is participating in a conflict, you may rotate this card as an action and reveal the top 5 cards in your deck to all players. If any of the cards is a Fleet or Fleet Enhancement, neutralize a fleet of your choice, with a Military lower than the target’s printed Military, controlled by the same player who controls the fleet you are attacking. Return the revealed cards on top of your deck in the same order.
Mars Conference	CrusadeRedux	08b-98		Conflict	Diplomacy						  	Dream Card		08b-98	ISA. Crusade. Intrigue may be used to oppose this conflict.  Won:  If you have a Crusade pile, gain 1 Influence. Also, each ISA member may: discard one aftermath and/or one enhancement that targets his faction or a card in his faction, fully heal all of his Inner Circle characters, and/or draw the top 3 cards from his Quest Pile.
Max	CrusadeRedux	08b-100	7	Character	Neutral	2	3				  	Dream Card		08b-100	Corporate. Explorer. Max can sponsor Enhancements as if he was in your Inner Circle.  When Max sponsors an Enhancement, you may draw a card from your Quest deck.
Memory of a Loved One	CrusadeRedux	08b-102		Aftermath	Won						  	Dream Card		08b-102	Legacy. Attach to your Ambassador or a participant Character after winning a Legacy conflict. The Character gains a Destiny Mark and +2 Diplomacy, and you may purge a Doom mark from your faction.  Then neutralize the Character.
Monopoly	CrusadeRedux	08b-103		Conflict	Diplomacy						  	Dream Card		08b-103	Corporate. Limited. Target a Group in your faction. If this conflict succeeds, it becomes a group enhancement on the target, giving the target: “Rotate this group to draw a card. Rotate this group: the cost for target player to sponsor a card is increased by two until the end of turn.”
New Uniforms	CrusadeRedux	08b-108		Aftermath	Won						  	Dream Card		08b-108	Play on a conflict you initiated which did not provide you influence or power. Search your deck and take one character loyal to your race into your hand. (Discard this Aftermath after play.)
Customized Quarters	CrusadeRedux	08b-43	3	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-43	Target a Diplomacy conflict you initiated. Participants not of your race have -2 Diplomacy while participating in the target conflict.
Portrait of the Past	CrusadeRedux	08b-117	1	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-117	Explorer. Shuffle a card that could be found in your Quest pile from your discard pile into your Quest pile.
Pro Zeta Corporation	CrusadeRedux	08b-118	6	Group							  	Dream Card		08b-118	Corporate. Must be sponsored by a Corporate character.  As an action, rotate this group, target any number of Corporate Characters you control who are not participating in a conflict, and apply 3 influence for each character to ready those characters.
Psychic Projection	CrusadeRedux	08b-122		Character							  	Dream Card		08b-122	Play on a Teep. Reveal when a mundane rotates to participate in a conflict this Teep is participating in. The mundane takes 2 damage (Before attacks occur).
Red Tape	CrusadeRedux	08b-125	4	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-125	Rotate your Ambassador or Ambasador’s Assistant and target a faction and a conflict without participation restrictions. That faction’s Characters and Fleets of the same race as the faction cannot participate further in target conflict. The faction can cancel this event as an action by rotating characters with a total of 10 or more diplomacy.
Relaxation	CrusadeRedux	08b-128		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-128	Rotate your Ambassador. Cancel a target conflict you initiated with a conflict card and return the card to your hand.
Relaxation (2)	CrusadeRedux	08b-129		Character							  	Dream Card		08b-129	Reveal when this Character or your faction is targeted with a Lost Aftermath or Participant Aftermath to cancel that Aftermath.
Repeating Lasers	CrusadeRedux	08b-130	6	Enhancement							  	Dream Card		08b-130	Target a fleet you control. May be sponsored for free if targeting a Babylon 5 Fleet. Cannot become a faction enhancement.  If the target rotated to attack this turn, you may rotate this enhancement as an action to ready the fleet; it is no longer a conflict participant.
Samuel Drake	CrusadeRedux	08b-132	5	Character	Human	1	3				  	Dream Card		08b-132	Any Drakh character may sponsor Samuel Drake at normal cost. Whenever an ISA member sponsors a fleet, place a Chaos Token on Samuel Drake, or 2 Chaos Tokens if it is a Babylon 5 Fleet. Samuel Drake may sponsor Babylon 5 fleets at -4 cost; reduce this discount by one (To a minimum of zero) for each Chaos Token on Samuel Drake.
Serendipity	CrusadeRedux	08b-133		Conflict	Intrigue						  	Dream Card		08b-133	Explorer. Multiple. Rotate an untainted, supporting Character with 4 or more Intrigue to initiate this conflict (As an additional conflict). This conflict begins with 20 support, and no more support may be added. If you win this conflict it becomes a Won Aftermath.
Solo Flight	CrusadeRedux	08b-136		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-136	Rotate a character you control to apply opposition to a conflict equal to his Diplomacy, Intrigue, Leadership, or to half his Psi. When you play this event you may discard 2 cards from your hand to return this card to your hand.
Survivor's Guilt	CrusadeRedux	08b-140		Aftermath							  	Dream Card		08b-140	Target player must immediately discard two cards from the top of his deck for each of his characters and fleets that was neutralized in the conflict. The number of cards discarded through this aftermath cannot be greater than the target’s current influence rating. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Tactical Nuke	CrusadeRedux	08b-141	5	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-141	Cannot be played by a Minbari player.  Rotate your Ambassador and target a fleet participating in a conflict your ambassador can participate in. The fleet takes 4 damage plus 1 for each Inner Circle Character you control.
Techno-Mage Ship	CrusadeRedux	08b-142	4	Fleet	Neutral					2	  	Dream Card		08b-142	Legacy. Techno-mage. May only be sponsored by a Techno-mage. May not be targeted or attacked without your permission.  May be led by a Techno-mage using their highest ability.
Surprising Allies	CrusadeRedux	08b-139	10	Character							  	Dream Card		08b-139	Target a supporting character controlled by another player. As an action, any player may rotate a character with a Conspiracy Mark and/or a Destiny Mark to place a Covert Token on this enhancement. If the number of Covert Tokens on this card is higher than the target’s printed cost (doubled if the target is not Neutral), place the target in the supporting row of the player who sponsored this card, then discard this enhancement.
Techno-mage's Staff	CrusadeRedux	08b-144	4	Character							Strife  	Dream Card		08b-144	Legacy. Weapon. Target a Techno-mage character you control. The target gains a Strife Mark. Rotate the target to oppose target Psi Conflict with twice the target’s Intrigue. If this Enhancement leaves play, neutralise the target.
Temporary Reprieve	CrusadeRedux	08b-145		Aftermath	Won Participant						  	Dream Card		08b-145	Crusade. Discard this aftermath as an action: you cannot lose the game next turn (Although another player can win).
The Third Age	CrusadeRedux	08b-150	4	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-150	Reveal the top card of your deck.  If it is from Wheel of Fire or a later set, put it in your hand.  Repeat this 3 more times then shuffle your library.
The Truth is Out...	CrusadeRedux	08b-151		Agenda							Conspiracy  	Dream Card		08b-151	Explorer. Your Ambassador gains a conspiracy mark. Rotate to add support or opposition to an Explorer conflict equal to your Conspiracy Marks. At the end of turn, if you have 20 Explorer cards in play, you score a Standard Victory. If you have an Explorer pile and 30 Explorer cards then you score a Major Victory instead.
Thieves' Guild	CrusadeRedux	08b-152	8	Group							  	Dream Card		08b-152	Rotate this group to give target Character participating in an Intrigue conflict +2 Intrigue and a Doom Mark until the end of turn. Rotate this group and target a player who took a pass action since your last action. The target must apply 2 influence (Or all of his influence if less than 2) for no effect, and you may restore up to the same amount of influence.
Trace Miller	CrusadeRedux	08b-155	4	Character	Neutral	1	1		3		  	Dream Card		08b-155	Corporate. Explorer. Trace has -2 Leadership while leading fleets.
Trulann	CrusadeRedux	08b-157	8	Character	Minbari	2	3		3		  	Dream Card		08b-157	Crusade. Ranger. Crusade characters may sponsor Trulann at normal cost. Trulann, and any fleet he leads, have +1 damage resistance and provide +3 additional support while supporting a Crusade conflict or a conflict initiated by an ISA member.
Ulterior Motives	CrusadeRedux	08b-158		Conflict	Intrigue						  	Dream Card		08b-158	Legacy.  Multiple.  Characters in your faction who have a Conspiracy Mark or who are Techno-mages may rotate to add one support or opposition to a conflict they can participate in. Won:  This card becomes a faction enhancement. 
Victory	CrusadeRedux	08b-160	7	Fleet	Babylon 5					4	  	Dream Card		08b-160	ISA. Unique. Any ISA member or faction with tensions of 1 to all races may sponsor this fleet at normal cost. Victory has +3 Damage resistance during attacks involving Drakh, Shadow or Vorlon fleets. Characters leading Victory have double Leadership while they have a Doom mark.
Well of Forever	CrusadeRedux	08b-162		Conflict	Leadership						  	Dream Card		08b-162	Explorer. Legacy. Any player without Vorlon or Shadow Marks may be supported in the conflict. Techno-mages may rotate to add 5 support to this conflict. Resolution: Each player with support may play won aftermaths as if they initiated and won this conflict. Won: this card becomes a won Aftermath targeting your faction that gives 1 Power while you have a Legacy Pile.
Who's Your Little Pak'ma'ra	CrusadeRedux	08b-163	3	Character							  	Dream Card		08b-163	Target a Pak’ma’ra Character. The target gains the effect text Media and becomes loyal to the Centauri, Human, Minbari and Narn while targeted by this enhancement.  As an action, discard this enhancement and designate another player; that player cannot target you with conflicts next turn.
Yabc Ftoba	CrusadeRedux	08b-165	6	Character	Non-Aligned	2	2		2		  	Dream Card		08b-165	Corporate. Brakiri Ambassador. As an action, rotate Yabc Ftoba and apply 2 influence to search your deck for a Brakiri Ambassador and take it into your hand. Or rotate Yabc Ftoba as an action and apply 4 influence to search your deck for any Brakiri character or fleet and take it into your hand.
John Matheson	CrusadeRedux	08b-84	8	Character	Human	2	2	7	2		  	Dream Card		08b-84	Crusade. Explorer. As an action, rotate to give a target Crusade character +2 to an ability of your choice while John Matheson remains rotated, or to remove up to 3 points of damage from the target. John Matheson applies double opposition at resolution while opposing a Psi Conflict that targets you.
A Call for Help	CrusadeRedux	08b-2	1	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-2	Target the player who has the single fewest characters in his Inner Circle. You may immediately rotate one of those characters to support or oppose a conflict however you wish, regardless of restrictions on which race or faction may participate in that conflict.
A Dying People	CrusadeRedux	08b-3		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-3	As your first or second action, target an Intrigue Conflict initiated by a Centauri player or a Military Conflict initiated by a Narn player. The target conflict is canceled. You may not target a conflict initiated by a player who has 3 or more Vorlon Marks. This event is Irrevocable if the target’s initiator has any Doom Marks or Shadow Marks.
Agents Durkani and Lyssa	CrusadeRedux	08b-16	7	Character	Neutral		3				  	Dream Card		08b-16	Explorer. This character has +1 Intrigue for every 2 Conspiracy Marks in the game. Damage to this character does not reduce its abilities.
Ain't I a Stinker	CrusadeRedux	08b-18	3	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-18	Target a player. Cannot be reversed. Rotate all non-character, non-fleet cards he controls for no effect. The target cannot sponsor, replace, or discard his agenda for the rest of this turn. The target draws no free cards during the draw round this turn. Discard all copies of Egyptian God of Frustration targeting any of the target’s cards.
Alien Takeover	CrusadeRedux	08b-19		Conflict	Leadership						  	Dream Card		08b-19	Unique. Explorer. You must have 10 influence to initiate this conflict. Target another faction. Intrigue may be used in this conflict. If successful by 10 or more, this card becomes an Aftermath on the target with the following text: Your characters cannot be promoted. Rotate this Aftermath to initiate a Leadership Conflict targeting another player in which Intrigue may be used. If successful, transfer this aftermath to that faction.
Archaeologist D. Taylor	CrusadeRedux	08b-28	5	Character	Neutral	2	1		1		  	Dream Card		08b-28	Corporate. This character may act as an Ambassador’s Assistant for your ambassador if your ambassador is Corporate. This character gains +2 to all abilities while participating in an Explorer conflict.
Arsenal of Yesterdays	CrusadeRedux	08b-29	1	Enhancement	Faction						  	Dream Card		08b-29	Explorer. As an action, rotate this card to sponsor a Character Enhancement onto one of your characters (As if this card were an Inner Circle character). You may sponsor Character Enhancements on your characters at -1 cost, -4 cost if the target of the enhancement is Corporate or Explorer.
Captain Daniels	CrusadeRedux	08b-34	5	Character	Human	1			3		  	Dream Card		08b-34	You may apply +1 automatic opposition for each location you control to any conflict targeting you, or +2 automatic opposition for each location you control to a Military Conflict targeting you.
Captain Lochley	CrusadeRedux	08b-36	11	Character	Human	5	3		4		Destiny  	Dream Card		08b-36	Crusade. Must replace your Elizabeth Lochley, transferring all attached cards and marks. Babylon 5 has +1 influence while Captain Lochley is in play. As an action, rotate to apply support to a Crusade conflict equal to Babylon 5’s influence. At resolution of any conflict targeting one of your characters, you may apply additional opposition to the conflict equal to Babylon 5’s influence.
Collaboration	CrusadeRedux	08b-37		Conflict	Diplomacy						  	Dream Card		08b-37	Crusade. Legacy. Target another player. If successful, the target gains +1 power, you gain +1 influence, and all other players lose 1 power.
Collar Gun	CrusadeRedux	08b-38		Aftermath	Participant						  	Dream Card		08b-38	Corporate. Explorer. Target a non-ambassador character who was neutralized by one of your Corporate, Crusade, or Explorer characters during the conflict. The target of this aftermath cannot attack any card controlled by the player who played this aftermath, or participate in conflicts initiated by that player without that player’s permission.
Corporations Go On	CrusadeRedux	08b-40		Agenda							  	Dream Card		08b-40	Corporate. If you control more locations than any other player, no conflicts may target your faction or your race, although cards you control may still be targeted by conflicts.  Rotate to add support or opposition to target conflict equal to the number of locations you control.
Crystal Ball	CrusadeRedux	08b-42	2	Character							  	Dream Card		08b-42	Legacy. Limited. Target a Techno-mage. As an action, rotate this enhancement to place the bottom card of your discard pile on the bottom of your deck.
Corporations Go On (2)	CrusadeRedux	08b-41		Enhancement	Faction						  	Dream Card		08b-41	Corporate. Target your faction. Discard this card if Defense in Depth is your agenda. If you control more locations than any other player, no conflicts may target your faction or your race, although cards you control may still be targeted by conflicts. Rotate to add support or opposition to target conflict equal to the number of locations you control.
Death Incarnate	CrusadeRedux	08b-44		Character							  	Dream Card		08b-44	If you have less than 10 influence when you sponsor this card, gain +1 influence when you sponsor it. Target any version of Ivanova, Vir, Na’Toth, or Lennier. Only the target’s controller may target him/her with events. As an action, rotate this enhancement and apply influence equal to the printed cost of the target to search your deck for a character that could replace the target and take it into your hand; no player may target you with Doomed Expedition as his next action.
Dire Consequences	CrusadeRedux	08b-47		Aftermath	Lost						  	Dream Card		08b-47	Legacy.  Reveal at the resolution of a lost conflict which was initiated by another player and targeted you. You must have provided more opposition to the conflict than any other player. You gain +1 Influence and the conflict’s initiator loses 1 influence.
Dr. Sarah Chambers	CrusadeRedux	08b-49	5	Character	Human	3	1				  	Dream Card		08b-49	Crusade. Any ISA Member may sponsor Dr. Sarah Chambers at normal cost. As an action, rotate Dr. Sarah Chambers and target a conflict. When your participants in that conflict are attacked, they take 1 less damage. Or rotate Dr. Sarah Chambers as an action to remove all damage or 1 severe damage from a character, or to unneutralize a neutralized character who has no severe damage tokens.
Dr. Sarah Chambers	CrusadeRedux	08b-48	8	Character	Human	2	3				  	Dream Card		08b-48	Nightwatch.  Crusade.  If you have won a Crusade conflict this game, fleets and Nightwatch characters you control gain a strife mark while attacking non-Human fleets or characters.
Kevin Sprach	CrusadeRedux	08b-86	4	Character	Neutral	4					  	Dream Card		08b-86	This character cannot be in your starting hand. You must rotate all of your Inner Circle characters to sponsor Kevin Sprach, but do not have to apply influence to sponsor him. Kevin Sprach cannot enter play by any other means.  All characters in your Inner Circle gain +1 Diplomacy.
Duel to the Death	CrusadeRedux	08b-50		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-50	Target a War Conflict you initiated. At resolution, only count support and opposition from participants if they are controlled by you or by the target of the conflict. If the conflict is successful and there is no opposition at resolution from participant fleets, treat the conflict as if it was uncontested. If the conflict is successful by 10 or more, you may apply 3 influence to return this card to your hand.
EVA Salvaging	CrusadeRedux	08b-55		Aftermath	Won Military						  	Dream Card		08b-55	For each character controlled by another player that was neutralized during your conflict, you may take a character from your discard pile and place it in your hand. For each fleet controlled by another player that was neutralized during your conflict, you may take a fleet from your discard pile and place it in your hand. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Everything Has A Price	CrusadeRedux	08b-56		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-56	Corporate. Rotate an Inner Circle Corporate character you control and target a supporting Neutral Character or Neutral Fleet. Apply influence equal to the printed cost of the target. The target is discarded.  You may not target Legacy cards, Lorien, Techno-mages, Rangers, or characters with 2 or more Shadow or Vorlon marks with this event.
Far-Reaching Schemes	CrusadeRedux	08b-62		Conflict	Intrigue						  	Dream Card		08b-62	Legacy. You must control three or more Techno-mage characters to initiate this conflict. Only Techno-mages may support this conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Faction Enhancement targeting you with the following text: As an action, discard this enhancement and target a player. That player must discard half the cards in his hand (Round up).
First Contact Protocls	CrusadeRedux	08b-66		Conflict	Diplomacy						  	Dream Card		08b-66	Explorer. Each player may only initiate this conflict once per game. Target another player. If successful, the target must transfer one influence to you, and all conflicts initiated by the target player next turn gain +10 automatic support.
Fireball	CrusadeRedux	08b-65		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-65	Legacy. Target a character controlled by another player. Apply any amount of influence when you play this event, up to the number of Techno-mage characters and/or fleets in your faction. Inflict one point of damage to the target for each point of influence you applied.
Forced Down	CrusadeRedux	08b-67		Conflict	Military						  	Dream Card		08b-67	Any player may be supported in this conflict. Whichever player has the single most support gains +1 influence and must, if possible, neutralize one supporting Character (Of his choice) controlled by the player with the least support (Or one controlled by each player with the least support if there is a tie).
Final Destiny	CrusadeRedux	08b-63		Conflict							  	Dream Card		08b-63	Enigma. Any ability may be used in this conflict, but each participant provides a maximum of 5 support or opposition at resolution. If successful, you may give your ambassador a Destiny Mark and a Vorlon Mark; or give one of your participant characters a Vorlon Mark and return this conflict to your hand.
Goods and Services	CrusadeRedux	08b-74		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-74	Restore any amount of influence, up to an amount equal to Babylon 5’s current influence. You may only use this restored influence to pay for the cost of promoting characters into your Inner Circle, or for repairing fleet damage.
High-Tech Weapons	CrusadeRedux	08b-75		Conflict	Leadership						  	Dream Card		08b-75	Target a fleet you control. If successful, search your deck for the first Fleet Enhancement you find and take it into your hand, and this card becomes a Fleet Enhancement on the target which gives the target +3 Military.
Homunculus	CrusadeRedux	08b-78		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-78	Legacy.  Rotate a techno-mage character you control.  Add support or opposition to target conflict equal to that character’s highest ability.
How to Succeed in Business	CrusadeRedux	08b-79		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-79	Corporate. Discard a number of cards from your hand equal to the printed cost of a Corporate character in your hand to sponsor that character for free directly to your Inner Circle.
Hyperspace Getaway	CrusadeRedux	08b-80		Contingency							  	Dream Card		08b-80	Crusade. Reveal when any fleet you control is attacked. The attack is canceled, although the attacking fleet remains rotated. You may ready the attacked fleet, in which case it is no longer participating in any conflicts. You may remove up to 3 points of damage from one fleet you control.
Illegal Raid	CrusadeRedux	08b-81		Conflict	Intrigue						  	Dream Card		08b-81	Crusade. You may support this conflict with one fleet, using Military; if you do not do so, this conflict fails. If successful, search your deck for Natchok Var or a character loyal to a race other than your own and take it into your hand, and gain +1 influence unless the ISA exists and you are not a member.
Junk Food	CrusadeRedux	08b-85	1	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-85	Target a character. The effects of this event depend on the character’s race or species: Human: Gain +3 to highest ability (Abilities, if tied) until end of turn. Pak’ma’ra: Take 2 points of damage. Non-Aligned except Pak’ma’ra, and all other races: Take 1 point of damage.
Lemm Uh'Ekim 	CrusadeRedux	08b-88	8	Character	Non-Aligned	1	3	4			  	Dream Card		08b-88	Sh’lassan Ambassador. Unique. Cannot be blanked. This character may only ready or be readied during the ready round. As an action, rotate Lemm Uh’Ekim to gain +1 power, but you lose 2 power at the end of the turn.
Lieutenant Tewart	CrusadeRedux	08b-91	5	Character	Neutral				2		  	Dream Card		08b-91	Explorer. Lieutenant Tewart becomes loyal to your race immediately after you sponsor him. While leading a fleet, that fleet may participate in Diplomacy Conflicts using Military.
Lise Hampton Edgars Garibaldi	CrusadeRedux	08b-92	9	Character	Human	6	4				  	Dream Card		08b-92	Corporate. Must replace Lise Hampton Edgars, transferring all attached cards and marks. All Mercenary cards in your faction lose their boldface “Mercenary” text. Other players may not target you with cards that require Conspiracy Marks.
M. Garibaldi, CEO	CrusadeRedux	08b-95	12	Character	Neutral	5	7		4		Destiny Strife 	Dream Card		08b-95	Corporate. May replace any other version of Garibaldi, transferring any attached cards and marks you choose. Rotate to search your deck for Lise Hampton, or any Human Character which can replace another character, and take that card into your hand. Immediately promote (For free) M. Garibaldi, CEO if you have versions of any 3 of these characters in your Inner Circle: Ivanova, Franklin, Lise Hampton, Zack Allan, Marcus Cole. Discard this character if you control a Psi Cop or William Morgan Clark.
Mathew Gideon	CrusadeRedux	08b-99	9	Character	Human	3	3		3		Destiny  	Dream Card		08b-99	Crusade. Explorer. Legacy. If you control a Human Fleet and no Psi Corps Fleets, you may sponsor Matthew Gideon at -9 cost. If Matthew Gideon is targeted by the Apocalypse Box, you may promote him at -9 cost. If a fleet led by Matthew Gideon would be neutralized if he readies, he cannot ready.
Max Eilerson	CrusadeRedux	08b-101	6	Character	Neutral	2	4				  	Dream Card		08b-101	Corporate. Crusade. Explorer. Max Eilerson may sponsor enhancements as if he were a member of every race. Max Eilerson may have enhancements target him as if he were a member of every race.
Nanotech Plague	CrusadeRedux	08b-104		Conflict	Military						  	Dream Card		08b-104	Irrevocable. Requires 5 Shadow Marks. Apply 11 influence and target another player. Aftermaths cannot be played at resolution of this conflict. If successful: gain +2 influence, the target must neutralize one of his characters and one of his fleets (If possible), this conflict returns to your hand, and you may target the same player with it next turn, for free, with no requirements, as an additional conflict. If you win this conflict 5 times against the same player, he is eliminated from the game. If unsuccessful, remove this card from the game.
Natchok Var	CrusadeRedux	08b-105	6	Character	Neutral	2	3				  	Dream Card		08b-105	Crusade. Explorer. Your Unrest must be 1 to sponsor this character. You cannot play any card that could increase your Unrest.  As an action, rotate to search your deck for the first event you find that can increase a character’s ability (Or abilities) and place it in your hand.
Navigator Robertson	CrusadeRedux	08b-106	5	Character	Neutral				2		  	Dream Card		08b-106	Crusade. Navigator Robertson becomes loyal to your race immediately after you sponsor her. While leading a fleet, that fleet may participate in Leadership Conflicts using Military.
New Team	CrusadeRedux	08b-107		Aftermath							  	Dream Card		08b-107	Crusade. Explorer. Legacy. Promote (for free) your Crusade character who supported your Crusade conflict, your Explorer character who supported your Explorer conflict, or your Legacy character who supported your Legacy conflict. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Not Dead Yet	CrusadeRedux	08b-109	5	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-109	Ready one of your characters who rotated to sponsor or promote a card this turn. Or purge a Destiny, Conspiracy, Shadow, or Vorlon mark to discard one aftermath of your choice targeting a character you control.  After playing this event you may purge three Marks, except Doom or Strife Marks, to return it to your hand.
Nova Dreadnaughts	CrusadeRedux	08b-110	6	Fleet	Human					3	Strife Strife 	Dream Card		08b-110	Multiple. If you are at war, as an action you may rotate a General you control and discard a card from your hand to return one of your neutralized Nova Dreadnoughts to your hand.
Nowhere To Hide	CrusadeRedux	08b-111	5	Enhancement	Faction						Destiny  	Dream Card		08b-111	Limited. Your ambassador gains +2 to all his abilities and a Destiny Mark. Whenever a player’s tension toward another race increases or attempts to increase because of a card he plays or controls, he must discard a card from his hand if possible.
Null Field	CrusadeRedux	08b-112	4	Event	Drakh						  	Dream Card		08b-112	Target up to 4 fleets you control; those fleets cannot attack or be attacked this turn. Or target a fleet with no leader that is opposing a conflict you initiated. It applies no opposition at resolution.
Onslaught	CrusadeRedux	08b-113		Agenda							  	Dream Card		08b-113	Whenever you win a Military Conflict that targeted another player, rotate to search your deck for a fleet loyal to your race and put it in your hand. If you have at least 50 printed Military in ready fleets, you may rotate this agenda to initiate a Military Conflict. Other players’ fleets which may only participate in conflicts targeting their controller may participate in this conflict. If you win this conflict by 20 or more, you win a Standard Victory this turn. If you lose this conflict, remove this agenda from the game.
Opportunity Knocks	CrusadeRedux	08b-114		Aftermath	Lost						  	Dream Card		08b-114	Corporate. Rotate a Corporate character you control to play this aftermath. The conflict’s initiator must transfer 1 influence to the faction that provided the single most opposition. (Discard this aftermath after play.)
Out of My Sky	CrusadeRedux	08b-115		Conflict	Military						  	Dream Card		08b-115	Apply 10 influence during the conflict round (only) and target another player who has less than 10 influence. Diplomacy may be used in this conflict. Only you and the target may attack in this conflict. If successful, gain +1 influence, and if you have at least 60 support, the target is eliminated from the game.
Pieces of the Puzzle	CrusadeRedux	08b-116		Aftermath	Won						  	Dream Card		08b-116	Explorer. Target one of your participants in the conflict. As an action, you may discard 3 copies of this card from play to gain +1 influence.
Probes	CrusadeRedux	08b-119		Conflict	Leadership						  	Dream Card		08b-119	Explorer. If successful, this conflict becomes a Faction Enhancement targeting you with a Probe Token on it for each point by which the conflict succeeded. As an action, rotate this enhancement and remove any number of Probe Tokens to provide +1 support or opposition to a target conflict for each Probe Token removed. Discard this enhancement if it has no Probe Tokens.
Protected	CrusadeRedux	08b-120		Character							  	Dream Card		08b-120	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage character or fleet. Reveal when the target is attacked to cancel the attack; the attacker remains rotated. Or reveal when the target, and only the target, is targeted by an event or aftermath to cancel that event or aftermath.
Quarantine	CrusadeRedux	08b-123	5	Enhancement							  	Dream Card		08b-123	Crusade. Only 3 copies of this card may be in play at any time. Target a supporting character or fleet with a printed cost. The target cannot attack or participate in conflicts while targeted by this card. As an action, the target’s controller may apply 13 influence minus the target’s printed cost (if any) to move this card to any other legal target.
Record Returns	CrusadeRedux	08b-124		Conflict	Diplomacy						  	Dream Card		08b-124	Limited. Corporate. You must rotate a Corporate Character to initiate this conflict. Cannot be initiated if any player is targeted by Record Returns. Only Corporate Characters may support this conflict. If successful, this card becomes a Faction Enhancement targeting you with the following text: Each turn you may apply additional influence equal to half your influence rating (round up) as of the beginning of the turn.
Refuge	CrusadeRedux	08b-126		Aftermath	Won						  	Dream Card		08b-126	Explorer. Target your faction immediately after you win an Explorer conflict. As an action, rotate this aftermath and target an Explorer character you control. That character cannot be attacked this turn.
Reign of Terror	CrusadeRedux	08b-127		Conflict	Military						  	Dream Card		08b-127	ISA. If successful, draw 2 cards and this card becomes an Aftermath targeting your faction with the following text: You cannot be the target of Expelled; discard it if you are already targeted by it. Any player may initiate a Military Conflict targeting this Aftermath which, if successful, discards it.
Robert Connor	CrusadeRedux	08b-131	4	Character	Neutral		1		2		  	Dream Card		08b-131	Crusade. As an action, rotate Robert Conner to remove 2 points of damage from a fleet or location you control.
Shady Dealings	CrusadeRedux	08b-134		Conflict							  	Dream Card		08b-134	Corporate. Reveal when the conflict directly causes another player to lose influence or to discard, neutralize, damage, or demote a card he controls. Promote for free one of your characters who participated in the conflict.
Sogayu	CrusadeRedux	08b-135	6	Character	Neutral	2	2				  	Dream Card		08b-135	Corporate. If another Corporate character you control becomes neutralized, you may immediately promote Sogayu for free.
Something Always Happens	CrusadeRedux	08b-137		Character							  	Dream Card		08b-137	Legacy. Target a Techno-mage. Reveal at resolution of a conflict and rotate the target to have him support or oppose that conflict. (The target must be able to participate in the conflict. This contingency may only be revealed once for each conflict.)
Special Agent Kendarr	CrusadeRedux	08b-138	9	Character	Neutral		5				Conspiracy  	Dream Card		08b-138	Explorer. As an action, rotate to search your deck for a card which states (in its effect text) that it requires Conspiracy Marks to play, and take it into your hand.
Techno-Mage Tuition	CrusadeRedux	08b-143		Aftermath	Won Participant						  	Dream Card		08b-143	Unique.  Legacy.  Rotate a Techno-mage to play this card.  Play on a Character who participated in a Legacy Conflict. They gain the bold-face text Techno-mage.
The Circle is Joined	CrusadeRedux	08b-146	10	Event							  	Dream Card		08b-146	Legacy. All agendas currently in play permanently become Unique (no additional copies may be played for the rest of this game). If more than one copy of the same agenda is currently in play, they may remain in play even though both are Unique, but both still retain the “Unique” designation. The cost to play this event is reduced by 2 for each Techno-Mage you control.
The Fen	CrusadeRedux	08b-147		Conflict							  	Dream Card		08b-147	Explorer. Play on an Explorer, Legacy or Enigma conflict. Reveal when a fleet rotates to participate in the conflict: until the end of turn it loses any benefits from its leader (if present) and it’s printed military is reduced by 5. If it’s military is reduced to 0, it is no longer a participant (but it remains rotated).
The Fen (original)	CrusadeRedux	08b-148		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-148	Limited. Explorer. Target a ready fleet: Its printed Military is reduced by 5 (to a minimum of zero), and any increase in Military due to leaders is ignored. These effects expire at the end of this turn.
The Tech	CrusadeRedux	08b-149	2	Enhancement	Faction						  	Dream Card		08b-149	Irrevocable. Legacy. Must be sponsored by a Techno-mage. Discard this card if you control no Techno-mages. Your Techno-mage characters and fleets have +1 damage resistance. As an action, rotate this card to take from your discard pile a contingency that must target a Techno-mage or an event that requires you to control a Techno-mage to play it. Place that card on the bottom of your deck or Crusade pile.
Tip-Top Shape	CrusadeRedux	08b-153		Aftermath	Participant						  	Dream Card		08b-153	Target gains +1 to the ability he used in the conflict and +1 damage resistance. Your cost to promote the target is reduced by 2.
Trial by Fire	CrusadeRedux	08b-156		Conflict	Leadership						  	Dream Card		08b-156	Target a non-Drakh, non-Major Agenda controlled by another player. That player’s ambassador may participate in this conflict using any ability. If successful, you may take one agenda in your discard pile and place it in your hand. If successful by 10 or more, shuffle the target into its controller’s deck.
Undercover Investigation	CrusadeRedux	08b-159		Conflict	Intrigue						  	Dream Card		08b-159	Explorer. Target a race other than your own. Only members of the target race may oppose this conflict. During this conflict, ignore effects which would reduce the damage your participant characters and fleets take during attacks. If successful, look at the hand of every player of that race. If you win by 15 or more, gain +1 influence.
Warlock Destroyers	CrusadeRedux	08b-161	8	Fleet	Human					10	  	Dream Card		08b-161	You must be an ISA member or have 3 Vorlon Marks to sponsor this fleet.
Working Together	CrusadeRedux	08b-164		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-164	ISA. You may not play this event if any of your tension levels toward another race is higher than its starting level. For each race being played with whom your tension toward them is lower than its starting level, you may return to your supporting row a fleet in your discard pile which you could sponsor.
You Are Expendable	CrusadeRedux	08b-167		Event							  	Dream Card		08b-167	Irrevocable. Cannot be played by a Drakh player. Search through your deck for a Drakh Ambassador who could be sponsored by a Drakh player and replace your ambassador with that Drakh Ambassador. This action overrides the normal restrictions against Drakh cards entering play. You may use any of the Drakh Ambassador’s effect text as if you had just sponsored him. You are now a Drakh faction, as if you had just sponsored a Drakh Ambassador.
Zog!	CrusadeRedux	08b-168		Character							  	Dream Card		08b-168	Enigma.  You must have at least two Destiny Marks and no Shadow or Vorlon Marks to play or reveal this card. Reveal to cancel an event which requires a Shadow or Vorlon Mark. Or reveal at the resolution of a conflict targeting you to apply opposition to that conflict equal to the number of Destiny Marks in your faction. You may apply 5 influence when you reveal this card to return it to your hand.
Yellow Journalism	CrusadeRedux	08b-166	1	Enhancement	Faction						  	Dream Card		08b-166	Media. As an action, rotate this enhancement and target a Media character to allow that character to participate in one conflict this turn using Diplomacy, no matter which ability would normally be appropriate. As an action, rotate a Media character you control to restore 1 point of spent influence.
